chore: update GCS docs (#275)
chatwoot/docs: docs/self-hosted/deployment/storage/gcs-bucket.md

  "client_x509_cert_url": ""
}
```

> when pasting it to ENV File, make sure to remove the new lines and paste it in a single line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pasting the credentials to the ENV file, make sure to remove the new lines and paste it into a single line
```
